feat: add unique and uniqueByInput methods (#52)
snaplet/copycat: README.md

#### `options`
- **`limit`:** Constrain generated values to be less than or equal to `limit` number of chars

### `copycat.unique(input, method, store, options)`

The `unique` function is tailored to maintain uniqueness of values after they have undergone a specific transformation.

> This method is especially useful when the transformed values need to be unique, regardless of whether the input values are identical.

Reviewer: Would it be worth explaining how it maintains this uniqueness (that it will keep calling `method` until it finds a unique value)

> **note** This method will try his best to generate unique values, but be aware of those limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**note** This method will try its best to generate unique values, but be aware of these limitations:
```

> 1. The uniqueness is not guaranteed, but the probability of generating a duplicate is lower as the number of attempts increases.

Reviewer: Howcome uniqueness is not guaranteed?

Reviewer: Sorry, nevermind, makes sense now.

2. On the contrary of the other methods, the `unique` method is not stateless. It will store the generated values in the `store` object to ensure uniqueness.
Meaning that the deterministic property over input is not guaranteed anymore. Now the determinism is based over a combination of:
  - the `input` value
  - the state of the `store` object
  - the number of `attempts`

> 3. The `unique` method as it alter the global copycat hashKey between attemps before restoring the original one, it is not thread safe.

Reviewer: I guess we'd remove this limitation removing the `setHashKey` calls works out.
